A widower and ailing man, Satyavan Choudhury lives a wealthy lifestyle along with his daughter Anusha in a palatial mansion in India. Satyavan knows that Anusha is only waiting for Satyavan to die so that Anusha can inherit the wealth and refuses to give Anusha any money The Diwan convinces Anusha to mend Anusha ways  get married  and patch-up with Anusha dad Shortly thereafter Anil does appear to have mended Anil ways  gets involved in charity  and even introduces a young woman named Deepali to Anil mom Deepali moves in the mansion  looks after Satyavan so much so that Satyavan decides to make Satyavan the sole beneficiary of Satyavan estate What Satyavan does not know is that Anusha has hired Deepak to act as Anusha fiance  and that Deepak himself is not who Satyavan claims to be  and is actually in love with a local horse-riding peasant  Ajita  whose mother was convicted of killing Satyavan 's wife  and soon Ajita Anusha will be arrested by the Police for having an affair and then killing a man named Ram 

While Shikha has a father who lives separately  Anuj has been orphaned at an early age Shikha 's dad approves of Anuj  and both get married Anuj stops Anuj involvement in dancing and singing  and both spent the next several months on relative harmony Then Anuj finds that Shikha is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with Anuj  and Anuj decides to take up dancing and singing  which does not auger well with Shikha Arguments ensue  and both decide to live separately When Shikha 's dad comes to visit Shikha  both Shikha and Anuj compromise to live together to fool Shikha father Living together they discover the missing spice in their wedlock 

Ram is an orphan who lives with Tom aunt  Rahim lives with Tom father and horse  Tom lives with Tom father and mother very unhappilly  love the toyseller Kashi and the flower seller man Karan Kashi lost Kashi husband and children in an accident and spends Kashi life with memory The story takes a turn when the smuggler Nekichand kills the side-kick and innocent Kashi was arrested for the murder But those three kids were present there As Kashi was drunk at the time of the murder Kashi can not recall anything  so Kashi never tries to defend Kashi Those three kids try to free their dear Kashi Chachi Tom 's mother Anna fights Tom case and Ram gives witness in Tom favour Tom witness and the evidences helps in releasing innocent Kashi Ram 's aunt also comes to the court and admits that Nekichand is the killer of Ram 's father and she was trying to guard Tom as Tom is her brother When Ram comes to know that Nekichand is Nekichand father 's killer  Nekichand wants to take revenge Ultimately Nekichand was arrested by the police with the initiative of Ram and Kashi At the end  Kashi realises that the life should go on  and can not spend Kashi entire life in the memory of the dead Hence  Kashi decides to marry Karan  who silently loved Kashi from the very beginning 

Vikram falls in love and has an affair with Lucia, a famous Bollywood actress. The plot is complicated by the fact that Lucia is married  and  Vikram's friend  Hari  is in love with Lucia 

Anil and Seema become good friends through their increasing patience  acceptance  and understanding of each other 's ways. They eventually fall in love. One day Anil proposes to Seema  and although Seema is happy about this  Seema 's very reluctant in taking the decision to proceed with Anil because Seema 's not sure if Seema can lead a normal life after marriage Still  Seema accepts the proposal  and Anil offers Seema to stay with Anil for some time before Seema marries Anil Seema becomes convinced that Anil truly loves Seema  and that Seema can actually lead a normal life with Anil Seema starts to plan for Seema marriage  and  during that time  a matter comes up in which Anil has to go out of town for a few days When Anil returns  Anil returns to an unrecognizable Seema Seema takes up drinking  smoking  and develops a very nonchalant and distant attitude towards Anil Anil wonders what might have happened to Seema during Anil absence Unknowing to Anil  Seema comes to know that Seema 's pregnant and Seema does n't know who the father is Not wanting Anil to be ridiculed and cursed by society  Seema consumes poison Major comeback in Indian cinema and exotic scenes 

Vasantpur is ruled by a kind queen  but her general  Diwani  who is a cruel woman is planning to take over Vasantpur with the help of Dutchess' powers. Meanwhile the queen's inspector general Chandini's daughter  Bharati gets Diwani higher education from London. There Diwani meets queen's son  Jwala alias Chitraanghad both fall in love. After sometime  Bharati gets the message of Bharati's fellow friends that Vasantpur is falling in the clutches of cruel Diwani and Bharati flees to Vasantpur with Jwala. Following their adventures they take Dikky and Rosey under their wing. When their two attempts to kill Diwani are ruined they devise a plan to kill Diwani in own palace. But the cruel Diwani has imprisoned Chandini and queen and is going to become Vasantpur 's queen. Now what fate has in store for Bharati and the entire Vasantpur 

Kunver Shamsher Singh works under the company owned by Kamla. She wants to marry Kunver but could n't express feelings. After a heavy schedule Kunver wants to take break and goes to Kulu There Kunver becomes interested in local cattle herder Sarju after listening to Sarju song spent time together and Kunver gradually becomes fascinated by Sarju. Before Kunver starts back  Sarju finally proposes Kunver and Kunver gladly accepts. But question arises regarding different back grounds and at last Kunver agrees to come and stay with in Kulu last returns to Delhi to finish last committed shows. There last informs Kamala about Kunver's marriage and retirement which leaves her devastated. She finally expresses her feelings and asks Kunver to reconsider. Kunver tells her that he can't do anything now though Kunver sympathizes her. After some days  Sarju suddenly appears in Delhi along with Sarju brother Jai  asking for work as Sarju brother 's engagement was broken. Kunver introduces Sarju to Kunver's boss Kamala who was already quite jealous of Sarju. Kamala tries to disapprove Sarju 's appearance but approves Sarju after a makeover. Kunver and Sarju 's pair performs stage shows and their records sell at great number They settle Jai 's marriage with businesswoman Anandi and decide to conduct two weddings at same time. But Jai's boss Kamala, filled with jealousy arranges an accident to kill Sarju. Sarju survives but can't speak due to head injury. They conduct Jai 's marriage and sends Jai to Jai wife 's house. Kunver takes care of Sarju and wants to marry her once she gets better. Kamala further plans to separate Kunver nad Sarju by killing Kunver's father and making Sarju a prime suspect. Seeing Sarju standing with knife in Sarju hands besides Kunver's father 's dead body even Kunver believes that Sarju killed Kunver's father due to mental instability. Kunver sends Sarju to Sarju brother 's house but Sarju leaves Jai's house too. Sarju works as a construction worker where Sarju boss listens to Sarju playing flute and invites Sarju to play in a radio. Kunver agrees to marry Kamala at last on one condition that Kamala should n't hand over Sarju to police on charges of murder. But Kamala plans to remove Sarju from picture  sends goons to kill Sarju. Sarju escaped and succeeds to find Sarju voice again. Sarju brings police to arrest Kamala and Kunver comes to know the truth that Kamala was the real killer of Kunver's father. Kunver and Sarju reunite and move to Kulu. The film was later remade into the Telugu film as Aradhana starring N T Rama Rao and Vanisri Geet was the longest running film in SriLanka 's history-for any language film-where had a run of 604 days at Crown Cinema Colombo 

Shankari, even though employed in a supervisory capacity nets only Rs 630  -  and is unable to accede to any of the demands placed by Ravi - three school-going children  Ravi, Roopa  and Raja. When the trio declare a hunger-fast until demands are met  Shankari decides to let them run the household expenses  for a period of six months  by giving Ravi Shanakri's entire salary Ravi thinks that can save a lot of money and get stuff for himslf and siblings - but things go seriously wrong when Roopa loses money while gambling relatives descend on during Diwali  cash is stolen  and father  Padmanabhan  becomes seriously ill. The film deals with how Shankari, the female protagonist deals tackles her challenges.

The police then arrest Raghini with Raghini mother dying in the process before Raghini could reach the police station. Raghini escapes and is taken in by a criminal don only to become an outlaw When Raghini is asked to abduct a child which results in the death of the mother. Raghini's heart changes and Raghini decides to surrender to the law Years later after the release from jail  Raghini challenges the Inspector Mathurini to go straight and the turns as a truck driver for survival with the help of the friend Tiger While delivering goods via Raghini, truck  Raghini  the truck driver and Raghini's sidekick  Tiger  help out a young woman  who turns out to be a man in disguise named Manoj. Mamoj falls in love with Raghini and gets married Raghini soon gives birth to a baby girl  Banthu. Things are going well for this family when a visit from Police Inspector Mathruini turns lives upside down For Mathurini knows Raghini's criminal background and underground links  and refuses to believe that Raghini has now given up her old ways. Because of interference of Raghini's criminal boss & Inspector Mathurini  Raghini not only loses her job but is unable to find any work. disaster strikes  contrived by the gangster who wants Raghini to reunite with the gang. Can Raghini prove to society  the law and to Manoj that Raghini has indeed reformed ? 

On a visit to Bombay city  Village-based Gopalnath's dreams are fulfilled when Gopalnath agrees to marry plain-looking Roopa, the woman who earns massive wealth. Unknown to Roopa  Gopalnath loves fellow-villager  Shyama. Roopa gives birth to a baby girl-  Ranibala. Gopalnath arranges to have Roopa killed  marries Shyama  and let Ranibala live in a hostel. Years later Gopalnath's past comes to haunt Gopalnath in the shape and form Ranibala, now grown up and independent, who will not leave any stone unturned to blackmail Gopalnath for the rest of his life 

Amar introduces a close  but poor friend  Ram  to Amar mother  who employs Amar conditionally. Amar falls in love with a woman named Sushma Rai  and asks Ram to pen a love letter and poem for Sushma. Sushma gets to read the letter and the poem  and thinking that Ram is Amar falls in love with Ram. Sushma meets Ram  and Ram is also unknowingly attracted to Sushma  both feel that they are inseparable soul-mates Then Amar gets a shock when Amar finds out that Sushma is Ram 's intended and decides to stay away from Sushma. But Sushma has other plans  for Sushma intends to marry Ram at any cost  not realizing that by doing this  Sushma is placing not only Ram 's life  but also the lives of two other individuals  namely Uma Devi and Lalit  in jeopardy 

Rani is constantly being made a target by the oppressive local Zamindar and Raja two children  Saranya and Chitra The land owner 's children decide to take revenge on Rani by getting Saranya married to Rani 's sweetheart Neel The Zamindar also molests Rani 's sister and kills her. Rani With Rani and Neel married and Rani's sister dead  a devastated Rani heads to the city Once over there Rani attempts to put Rani's life together and forget the past is then Rani meets with another victim of the Zamindar  Bajrangi  and together they conceive a plan that will avenge them against their oppressors The question is  will they succeed or will there be more victims ? 

However  Deepa is arrested for theft from the bank Deepa asks Ahok to look after Deepa's dad  which Ashok agrees to do Deepa is sentenced to prison for several years After Deepa release Deepa finds out that Deepa's father has died  Ashok is married and has re-located  and Deepa was framed by Deepa's colleagues at the bank Devastated but still honest  Deepa is befriended by Rani Gopika Singh  who gives Deepa a job  as well a new identity Deepa now becomes Radhika Singh  and Deepa must seek out Ashok  and Deepa shrewd and calculating colleagues at the bank to extract vengeance 

Blinded in love with Kailash  Madhavi runs away on the day of the marriage Madhavi discovers Kailash in the arms of Shabnam Heartbroken and dejected  Madhvi returns to Madhavi uncle  who committed suicide from the humiliation Madhavi realizes that Madhavi has no one in life  and decides to leave town and head somewhere Madhavi meets Madhavi childhood friend Poonam who tells Madhavi about Madhavi husband 's untimely demise in an accident and that Madhavi is on Madhavi way  along with Madhavi baby boy Munna  to stay with Madhavi in-laws whom Madhavi has never met before Poonam manages to compel Madhu to accompany Madhu as Madhu plight is pitiful En route  Poonam and Madhu catch up until the train derails and end up in a Government hospital Poonam has lost Poonam limbs Poonam knows that Poonam end is near  so has Madhu promise that Madhu will assume Poonam 's identity  bring Munna up and continue life in Poonam 's in-law 's house Madhu has no choice but to give in to a dying mother 's wish In the downpour on the way  the cabbie attempts to rob Madhu until Kamal  a forest ranger  rescues Madhu and gives Madhu shelter until the skies are clear the next day Madhu soon learns that Kamal is the very man with whom Madhu marriage was arranged Madhu leaves Kamal 's home in shame and reaches Poonam 's in-laws Poonam father-in-law  Dinanath and mother-in-law accept Poonam and let Poonam stay there Kamal keeps visiting the house as Kamal was the son of Dinanath 's best friend Soon  Kamal realizes that Kamal is in love with Poonam Madhu 's ill fate has brought Kailash to Dinanath 's house Madhu is after money and is very close to reveal Madhu 's identity To be successful  Madhu impresses all the members of the house but Poonam takes a resentment to Poonam Dinanath soon realizes Poonam 's true identity and asks for the truth When Poonam realizes what the matter really is  Poonam accepts Madhavi and makes Madhavi the guardian of the Dinanath property which will be inherited by Munna That night  Dinanath is poisoned by Kailash Mrs Dinanath accuses Poonam for what has happened and Mrs is imprisoned Now Shabnam enters the life of the Dinanaths claiming that is the real Poonam Mrs Dinanath  in rage  sends away and is ready for no story Kamal takes a dislike towards Madhu  learning the truth However  eventually realizes the truth and gets Shabnam and Kailash arrested for evil intentions and Madhavi is freed When Kamal searches for Madhu  realizes that has left without any notice and left a letter for Kamal  stating that is going out of life and so  should not try to find out Kamal starts searching for and finds trying to jump from a cliff  stops by singing a song hug 

Vijaya sees her lover Bihari marry her neighbour Sapna and then attempt suicide on the night of the Diwali party hosted by Sapna This incident puts Vijaya in shock Thakur believes that if Vijaya gets married  Vijaya mental health would improve Vijaya hence approaches a tawaif Chand to pretend to be Vijaya 's husband and thus help Vijaya get better But Chand receives cold treatment by Vijaya 's mother and Vijaya elder sister Kirti Once  in a fit of madness  Vijaya sexually assaults Chand But later Chand becomes very friendly with Vijaya and that starts improving Vijaya condition Sapna who wishes to have Chand for Vijaya also tries to persuade Vijaya 's young brother Krishna Vijaya promises Krishna to make Krishna an actor in Bollywood and asks Krishna to elope with Vijaya with the family 's money and gold But Chand does not let Sapna 's plan work Vijaya 's younger sister Mohana also falls in love with noble Chand and is heartbroken when Mohana finds out that Vijaya's is pregnant and is carrying Krihsna 's child Dejected  Mohana leaves home without notice In a fight between Vijaya and Sapna  Sapna falls off the terrace and this shocks Vijaya curing Mohana of Mohana mental ailment But then Vijaya is unable to recall Chand Krishna is then humiliated by the family and is thrown out of the house Mohana steps in and accuses everyone for treating Krishna like a toy and only using Krishna when needed Mohana reveals how Krishna saved Krihsna from Sapna 's evil pursuits is also revealed that Chand was actually born in a noble family and was only raised as a tawaif as Krishna was found alone after a train accident The family thus accepts Chand and all ends well 

Rohan is an aspiring singer who works as a saleswoman in a car showroom, run by Malini. One day he meets a businesswoman Sonam. He later discovers that she's also the daughter of Ms. Saxena, when he goes to deliver a car to her home as her birthday present

